so we're here today doing our own
make-believe tutorial how to apply FX
movie mega our intern Lowell folly
despite being very smart with all
electronic key things also loves to
create scars on people but temporary
ones not permanent ones so mostly mostly
mostly I'll start with using some liquid
latex and do a simple scar that just
kind of looks like something peeling
back and blistering and now go ahead and
make one out of scar wax where you can
build your own scar and make it look
however you want it and get really
detailed and three-dimensional pretty
cool well let's get started okay so now
I'm gonna go ahead and start mixing the
weird fake blood that we're gonna put on
there you can use normal fake blood but
I kind of like the stain power using
some petroleum jelly it allows you to
have it stay on there and stay kind of
glistening whereas fake blood dries out
and this is just a I shadow palette that
I got from Coastal Scents it's got 88
colors so I'm just gonna take a bunch of
petroleum jelly I just didn't have a
couple different colors I'm gonna see if
I like what I get I'm just gonna pick up
some red this is a good read for this
just a little like a little bit of brown
yeah this one's kind of like a purpley
brown wrong yeah
it'll add kind of like a wine color oh
that's a good color
it'll look super gross mmm-hmm okay so
back over here back to the hand this is
liquid latex this is by Ben Nye and get
it almost any Halloween store take a
small amount and then just start patting
to an area and you want to get a good
even coverage and make sure that the
ends kind of blend out so that way it
looks really real so we're gonna go
ahead and let this dry it should take
about seven to ten minutes real okay
so right now what we're gonna do is
we're gonna color the latex now it
already looks like your skin tone pretty
well so I'm gonna go ahead and just kind
of start picking up some color this
color a little bit a little bit Brown so
this kind of gives it a pinkish roast
look looks like it flamed those seven
Browns really give you a good bruise
look look the paint gives you that kind
of blood rushing to the area look and
then go around gives it kind of a ride
in a way looking local lights color in
here add some yellow and green nice
future awesome and this is my favorite
part
all right so you kind of have to scrape
at it lightly until you pick up some of
the latex there it goes oh wow so you
can pull it back and leave some exposed
skin there and with a thin layer you
really get that rippled back and wrinkly
yeah kind of gross careful not to jam
ourselves over to getting this on summer
oh there's some real blood in here in
your world and I'm doing this on you so
I don't really care that much so we'll
go ahead and ask them this vassal
so we're going to just add a little bit
at a time and you know a little bit goes
a long way with this so we'll just kind
of go ahead and put some in there you
can do it really thin or you can add
some globs in there so it was that it's
kind of continuing it's pretty amazing
how short work you've gotten pretty
impressive effect really quick good
first project yeah you're just getting
into this I can't believe it oh so close
and that petroleum was gonna stay wet
looking for a lot of types of people
something tell me you don't to go and
reapply it unless you wipe it off but
that's pretty yeah so now we'll go ahead
and mess up your face again yeah this
one's gonna feel super weird so I'm
gonna do it on my big bald head on your
face so this is spirit got this and this
stuff is super sticky
it starts out really wet and liquidy and
then as it dries it's very tacky so if
you get this make sure that you have the
spirit gum remover which is right here
and that will help take it off here so
we're gonna go ahead and paint this on a
section paint anywhere that you want to
put the scar wax because the scar wax
will not stick to normal skin very
easily it'll kind of just peel off er
now this one takes a while to set up but
you can speed up the process
by taking a brush that has kind of
around end to it and then rolling it
across so now we're going to take scar
wax and this is also Ben Nye
you know they make everything yeah it's
really soft and moldable but it's very
super stick though no so mainly what
we're doing now is trying to make it go
really smooth we want to give the
illusion that you're fine right now and
then later
open and get some reason so now that
it's had a chance to catch sit we're
gonna go ahead and just move it out a
little bit more as you move your fence
that will make natural wrinkles in this
which is great because then it looks
like it's part of your skin but I'm just
gonna go ahead and smooth it out so it's
easier to kind of sculpt so you can use
anything one I'm just going to keep
using the same spatula to get weird
marks in there so you just push him down
into that yeah I'm just kind of dragging
through it so that's good boy you're not
cool so uh now I'm gonna do is just
color it okay so now that we've got the
base colors on and it matches your skin
tone pretty well we're gonna start
making it look really gross and burst so
I'm gonna start with some deep purples
and reds and it's best to just Pat it
you know you don't want to wipe and a
really good thing to go is you know just
start to learn the color theory what
colors complement other colors what
colors make other colors disappear
mm-hm so that can really help you
develop really nice looking colors okay
so that looks pretty good and disgusting
and now we're gonna go ahead and add the
Vaseline in the cracks so now we're
gonna make it look look weapon hoozy on
the napkin it looks super dark but when
I put it on it looks more like a medium
town so just adding more pigment gives
you a more concentrated color so this is
kind of a good way to have coagulated
blood yeah like no one's been open for a
while it's a dimension to it so it's not
all the same color
you yeah possible
so again less than 10 minutes
yeah and super easy good
project well thank you Paloma I'm gonna
go scare everybody here at work but uh
thanks for doing this tutorial for
make-believe so tune in again and we'll
bring you some more make-believe
tutorials in the future let us know what
you think below